$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2017Q1,v 1.1.2.30 2017/06/05 09:21:37 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2017Q1 branch:

Pullup ticket #5225 - requested by sevan
textproc/grep: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5226 - requested by sevan
converters/libiconv: build fix

Pullup ticket #5228 - requested by sevan
lang/openjdk8: build fix

Pullup ticket #5229 - requested by sevan
audio/timidity: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5236 - requested by sevan
databases/cdb: remove restriction

Pullup ticket #5237 - requested by sevan
mail/mess822: remove restriction

Pullup ticket #5238 - requested by sevan
editors/nvi: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5230 - requested by sevan
devel/arcanist: dependency fix

Pullup ticket #5231 - requested by sevan
devel/scmcvs: bug fix

Pullup ticket #5233 - requested by sevan
devel/woboq_codebrowser: build fix

Pullup ticket #5235 - requested by sevan
mk/check/check-files.mk: documentation fix

Pullup ticket #5242 - requested by wiz
www/curl: security patch

Pullup ticket #5244 - requested by kim
net/proftpd-postgresql: security update
net/proftpd-sqlite; security update
net/proftpd: security update

Pullup ticket #5246 - requested by sevan
sysutils/collectd: security update

Pullup ticket #5250 - requested by bsiegert
net/rabbitmq: security update

Pullup ticket #5251 - requested by bsiegert
devel/golint: build fix

Pullup ticket #5252 - requested by joerg
www/py-django: security update

Pullup ticket #5257 - requested by wen
www/mediawiki: security update

Pullup ticket #5241 - requested by sevan
www/serf: build fix

Pullup ticket #5247 - requested by sevan
pkgtools/pkglint: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5243 - requested by sevan
lang/php56: build fix
lang/php70: build fix
lang/php71: build fix

Pullup ticket #5269 - requested by sevan
multimedia/adobe-flash-player: security fix

Pullup ticket #5270 - requested by maya
audio/libsamplerate: security fix

Pullup ticket #5272 - requested by taca
net/bind910: security fix

Pullup ticket #5273 - requested by taca
net/bind99: security fix

Pullup ticket #5274 - requested by taca
mail/dovecot2: security fix
mail/dovecot2-sqlite: security fix

Pullup ticket #5275 - requested by taca
mail/dovecot2-pigeonhole: point update

Pullup ticket #5245 - requested by sevan
security/p5-Authen-TacacsPlus: build fix

Pullup ticket #5253 - requested by sevan
games/xpipeman: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5248 - requested by sevan
lang/nodejs6: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5249 - requested by sevan
lang/nodejs4: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5259 - requested by sevan
security/nacl: metadata update

Pullup ticket #5260 - requested by sevan
devel/p5-Contextual-Return: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5261 - requested by sevan
mk/defaults/mk.conf: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5264 - requested by sevan
devel/boost-libs: build fix

Pullup ticket #5265 - requested by sevan
mk/compiler/gcc.mk: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5266 - requested by sevan
x11/modular-xorg-server: build fix

Pullup ticket #5268 - requested by sevan
lang/libLLVM: build fix

Pullup ticket #5271 - requested by sevan
textproc/p5-XML-Feed: build fix

Pullup ticket #5277 - requested by sevan
misc/rhash: build fix

Pullup ticket #5278 - requested by sevan
x11/mcookie: build fix

Pullup ticket #5279 - requested by sevan
math/fricas: build fix

Pullup ticket #5281 - requested by sevan
lang/erlang: module build fix

Pullup ticket #5262 - requested by sevan
security/py-acme: build fix
security/py-certbot: build fix

Pullup ticket #5282 - requested by sevan
sysutils/py-google-compute-engine: build fix

Pullup ticket #5284 - requested by sevan
devel/js2-mode: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5286 - requested by sevan
www/py-mod_wsgi-metrics: update HOMEPAGE

Pullup ticket #5287 - requested by sevan
www/apache24: build fix

Pullup ticket #5288 - requested by sevan
wm/windowmaker: build fix

Pullup ticket #5258 - requested by sevan
chat/gajim: build fix

Pullup ticket #5263 - requested by sevan
security/gnutls: build fix

Pullup ticket #5290 - requested by sevan
www/nginx: option name change

Pullup ticket #5291 - requested by sevan
emulators/qemu: build fix

Pullup ticket #5289 - requested by sevan
devel/ruby-eet: build fix

Pullup ticket #5300 - requested by maya
devel/mantis: security fix

Pullup ticket #5296 - requested by schmonz
mail/queue-fix: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5297 - requested by schmonz
mk/default: prerequisites for qmail pull-up

Pullup ticket #5254 - requested by schmonz
mail/qmail: build fix

Pullup ticket #5255 - requested by schmonz
mail/qmail-run: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5256 - requested by schmonz
mail/qmail-run: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5298 - requested by sevan
mk/wrapper: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5299 - requested by sevan
misc/raspberrypi-userland: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5301 - requested by sevan
databases/sqlite: build fix

Pullup ticket #5290 (second part) - requested by sevan
www/nginx: build fix

Pullup ticket #5317 - requested by sevan
comms/minicom: security fix

Pullup ticket #5323 - requested by sevan
print/ghostscript-gpl: security fix

Pullup ticket #5276 - requested by sevan
wm/fluxbox: build fix

Pullup ticket #5333 - requested by maya
mail/squirrelmail: security fix

Pullup ticket #5327 - requested by wiz
www/curl: security fix

Pullup ticket #5329 - requested by sevan
shells/zsh: build fix

Pullup ticket #5355 - requested by sevan
lang/gcc49: build fix

Pullup ticket #5267 - requested by sevan
mail/postfix: build fix

Pullup ticket #5280 - requested by sevan
sysutils/collectd-network: build fix

Pullup ticket #5285 - requested by sevan
math/arpack: build fix

Pullup ticket #5304 - requested by sevan
multimedia/gstreamer0.10: build fix

Pullup ticket #5302 - requested by sevan
multimedia/libmp4v2: build fix

Pullup ticket #5356 - requested by sevan
math/nickle: build fix

Pullup ticket #5357 - requested by maya
textproc/icu: security fix (backported)

Pullup ticket #5358 - requested by sevan
audio/libsamplerate: build fix

Pullup ticket #5359 - requested by sevan
net/iftop: build fix

Pullup ticket #5360 - requested by sevan
mk/curses.builtin.mk: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5361 - requested by sevan
sysutils/ncdu: build fix

Pullup ticket #5335 - requested by maya
x11/qt5-qtbase: build fix

Pullup ticket #5364 - requested by sevan
devel/ocaml-findlib: build fix

Pullup ticket #5370 - requested by sevan
print/a2ps: security fix

Pullup ticket #5369 - requested by maya
chat/weechat: security fix

Pullup ticket #5283 - requested by sevan
www/webkit-gtk: build fix

Pullup ticket #5305 - requested by sevan
net/traceroutr-nanog: build fix

Pullup ticket #5306 - requested by sevan
textproc/xhtmldiff: build fix

Pullup ticket #5307 - requested by sevan
editors/dasher: build fix

Pullup ticket #5319 - requested by sevan
devel/rt3: build fix

Pullup ticket #5320 - requested by sevan
graphics/libepoxy: build fix

Pullup ticket #5318 - requested by sevan
devel/flim: build fix

Pullup ticket #5321 - requested by sevan
mail/dovecot2: build fix

Pullup ticket #5321 - requested by sevan
mail/dovecot2: build fix

Pullup ticket #5322 - requested by sevan
net/libpcap: build fix

Pullup ticket #5326 - requested by sevan
devel/py-mercurial: security fix

Pullup ticket #5325 - requested by sevan
lang/go: bugfix for NetBSD

Pullup ticket #5331 - requested by sevan
security/zoneminder: build fix for macOS

Pullup ticket #5332 - requested by sevan
devel/libslang2: build fix for SunOS

Pullup ticket #5334 - requested by maya
devel/gdb: build fix for Linux

Pullup ticket #5336 - requested by sevan
lang/llvm: build fix for SunOS

Pullup ticket #5337 - requested by sevan
inputmethod/canna-lib: build fix

Pullup ticket #5339 - requested by sevan
graphics/py-cairocffi: build fix

Pullup ticket #5338 - requested by sevan
mail/courier-mta: build fix

Pullup ticket #5341 - requested by sevan
editors/elvis: build fix

Pullup ticket #5342 - requested by sevan
math/R: build fix

Pullup ticket #5340 - requested by sevan
audio/festival: build fix

Pullup ticket #5344 - requested by sevan
security/clamav: build fix

Pullup ticket #5343 - requested by sevan
security/zebedee: build fix

Pullup ticket #5346 - requested by sevan
www/cgit: build fix

Pullup ticket #5347 - requested by sevan
multimedia/libmp4v2: build fix

Pullup ticket #5348 - requested by maya
mk/tools/tools.NetBSD.mk: bugfix for paxctl

Pullup ticket #5349 - requested by sevan
www/midori: build fix

Pullup ticket #5366 - requested by sevan
sysutils/xenstoretools: build fix

Pullup ticket #5367 - requested by sevan
security/keychain: build fix

Pullup ticket #5368 - requested by sevan
wm/enlightenment: build fix

Pullup ticket #5371 - requested by sevan
pkgtools/pkg_comp: build fix

Pullup ticket #5372 - requested by sevan
mk/check/check-shlibs-elf.awk: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5371 - requested by sevan
pkgtools/pkg_comp: build fix

Pullup ticket #5371 - requested by sevan
pkgtools/pkg_comp: build fix

Pullup ticket #5375 - requested by sevan
print/cups: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5373 - requested by sevan
sysutils/hal: build fix for Linux

Pullup ticket #5378 - requested by sevan
audio/portaudio-devel: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5380 - requested by sevan
archivers/libarchive: build fix for FreeBSD

Pullup ticket #5379 - requested by sevan
mail/notmuch: build fix

Pullup ticket #5381 - requested by sevan
security/cyrus-sasl: build fix

Pullup ticket #5382 - requested by sevan
security/py-kerberos: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5383 - requested by sevan
databases/leveldb: build fix for NetBSD

Pullup ticket #5386 - requested by sevan
net/iperf3: build fix

Pullup ticket #5387 - requested by sevan
lang/perl5: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5389 - requested by sevan
net/sipsak: build fix

Pullup ticket #5390 - requested by sevan
lang/oracle-jdk8: build fix for Linux

Pullup ticket #5391 - requested by sevan
net/vnc: build fix

Pullup ticket #5392 - requested by sevan
lang/go: build fix

Pullup ticket #5399 - requested by sevan
graphics/tiff: security fix

Pullup ticket #5404 - requested by sevan
graphics/tiff: security fix

Pullup ticket #5393 - requested by sevan
net/tor: point update (ensure package remains functional)

Pullup ticket #5394 - requested by sevan
textproc/mdoclint: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5395 - requested by sevan
net/xymon: build fix

Pullup ticket #5396 - requested by sevan
lang/go: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5400 - requested by sevan
devel/glib2: build fix

Pullup ticket #5401 - requested by sevan
devel/swig: build fix
devel/swig2: build fix

Pullup ticket #5402 - requested by sevan
devel/splint: build fix

Pullup ticket #5403 - requested by sevan
math/R: build fix for Darwin

Pullup ticket #5405 - requested by sevan
mk/tools/tools.Darwin.mk: build fix for Python eggs

Pullup ticket #5406 - requested by sevan
graphics/tiff: security fix

Pullup ticket #5408 - requested by sevan
www/py-django-cms: security fix

Pullup ticket #5409 - requested by sevan
lang/openjdk7: build fix

Pullup ticket #5410 - requested by sevan
mail/mutt: build fix for SunOS

Pullup ticket #5411 - requested by sevan
www/ap22-dnssd: build fix for SunOS

Pullup ticket #5407 - requested by sevan
devel/rt4: build fix

Pullup ticket #5415 - requested by wen
www/mediawiki: security fix

Pullup ticket #5429 - requested by kim
net/wget: security fix

Pullup tickets #5412 and #5413 - requested by sevan
lang/opendjk8: build fix for FreeBSD

Pullup ticket #5433 - requested by bsiegert
lang/go: security update

Pullup ticket #5398 - requested by leot
net/youtube-dl: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5431 - requested by he
net/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #5459 - requested by sevan
graphics/graphite2: security update

Pullup ticket #5466 - requested by sevan
security/libassuan2: build fix for SunOS
Pullup ticket #5468 - requested by sevan
security/dropbear: security fix

Pullup ticket #5463 - requested by sevan
textproc/libxslt: security fix

Pullup ticket #5457 - requested by sevan
security/crypto++: security fix

Pullup ticket #5452 - requested by sevan
net/tor: security fix

Pullup ticket #5434 - requested by sevan
databases/postgresql92: security fix
databases/postgresql93: security fix
databases/postgresql94: security fix
databases/postgresql95: security fix
databases/postgresql96: security fix

Pullup ticket #5439 - requested by sevan
graphics/freetype2: security fix

Pullup ticket #5440 - requested by sevan
graphics/gdk-pixbuf2: security fix

Pullup ticket #5436 - requested by sevan
multimedia/adobe-flash-player: security fix

Pullup ticket #5441 - requested by sevan
emulators/gxemul: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5451 - requested by sevan
security/libtomcrypt: security fix

Pullup ticket #5453 - requested by sevan
lang/guile20: FreeSD build fix

Pullup ticket #5461 - requested by sevan
net/powerdns-recursor: build fix

Pullup ticket #5464 - requested by sevan
textproc/aspell: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5465 - requested by sevan
lang/spidermonkey17: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5469 - requested by he
lang/python36: macppc build fix

Pullup ticket #5443 - requested by sevan
multimedia/vlc: build fix

Pullup ticket #5444 - requested by sevan
multimedia/vlc: build fix

Pullup ticket #5467 - requested by sevan
multimedia/vlc: security fix

Pullup ticket #5416 - requested by sevan
sysutils/libfm: build fix

Pullup ticket #5417 - requested by sevan
x11/matchbox-panel: SunOS build fix

Pullup ticket #5418 - requested by sevan
meta-pkgs/modular-xorg-drivers: build fix

