$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2023Q1,v 1.1.2.8 2023/05/15 18:39:02 spz Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2023Q1 branch:

Pullup ticket #6742 - requested by bsiegert
graphics/openexr: security update

Pullup ticket #6743 - requested by taca
databases/ldb: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6744 - requested by taca
net/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6745 - requested by taca
lang/ruby27-base: security update

Pullup ticket #6746 - requested by taca
lang/ruby30-base: security update

Pullup ticket #6747 - requested by taca
lang/ruby31-base: security update

Pullup ticket #6748 - requested by taca
lang/ruby32-base: security update

Pullup ticket #6749 - requested by taca
textproc/ruby-kramdown-rfc2629: dependency fix

Pullup ticket #6750 - requested by taca
lang/ruby32-base: build fix

Pullup ticket #6752 - requested by wiz
print/a2ps: restore functionality

Pullup ticket #6753 - requested by gutteridge
textproc/libxml2: security fix
textproc/py-libxml2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6755 - requested by nia
sysutils/amanda-common

Pullup ticket #6754 - requested by nia
www/firefox102: security fix
www/firefox102-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6756 - requested by taca
devel/git-base: security update
devel/git: version update

Pullup ticket #6757 - requested by dholland
archivers/zstd: build fix

Pullup ticket #6758 - requested by taca
www/drupal7: security update

Pullup ticket #6759 - requested by he
security/gnutls: build fix

