$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2017Q3,v 1.1.2.10 2017/10/22 18:13:36 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2017Q3 branch:

Pullup ticket #5561 - requested by wiz
audio/audacious-plugins: build fix

Pullup ticket #5562 - requested by taca
lang/tcl: build fix

Pullup ticket #5564 - requested by sevan
math/py-numpy: security update

Pullup ticket #5565 - requested by sevan
lang/go: security update

Pullup ticket #5567 - requested by sevan
devel/libmemcached: build fix for Darwin

Pullup ticket #5568 - requested by he
lang/ocaml: fix for NetBSD/powerpc

Pullup ticket #5569 - requested by sevan
security/mit-krb5: security update

Pullup ticket #5570 - requested by sevan
sysutils/salt: security update

Pullup ticket #5571 - requested by sevan
x11/libXfont2: security update

Pullup ticket #5572 - requested by sevan
x11/libXres: security update

Pullup ticket #5574 - requested by sevan
editors/emacs21: security patch

Pullup ticket #5576 - requested by taca
x11/modular-xorg-server: security update

Pullup ticket #5577 - requested by maya
lang/gcc49: functionality fix
lang/gcc49-libs: functionality fix

Pullup ticket #5578 - requested by maya
net/wpa_supplicant: security patch

Pullup ticket #5579 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel48, sysutils/xentools48: security fix

Pullup ticket #5580 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel46, sysutils/xentools46: security fix

Pullup ticket #5581 - requested by bsiegert
sysutils/consul: security update

Pullup ticket #5582 - requested by bsiegert
multimedia/adobe-flash-player: security update

Pullup ticket #5583 - requested by maya
lang/g95: Linux build fix

Pullup ticket #5584 - requested by sevan
print/mupdf: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5585 - requested by sevan
x11/libXfont: security fix

