$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2021Q2,v 1.1.2.8 2021/07/24 18:12:20 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2021Q2 branch:

Pullup ticket #6471 - requested by tnn
devel/cpu_features: build fix

Pullup ticket #6472 - requested by nia
databases/mysql80-client: NetBSD build fix

Pullup ticket #6473 - requested by nia
shells/eltclsh: build fix

Pullup ticket #6474 - requested by nia
multimedia/libaom: arm build fix

Pullup ticket #6475 - requested by nia
x11/qt5-qtwebkit: arm build fix

Pullup ticket #6476 - requested by nia
security/p5-Crypt-CBC: 32-bit build fix

Pullup ticket #6477 - requested by nia
databases/mariadb105-client: NetBSD/aarch64 build fix

Pullup ticket #6478 - requested by taca
lang/php74: security fix

Pullup ticket #6479 - requested by taca
lang/php80: security fix

Pullup ticket #6480 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security fix

Pullup ticket #6481 - requested by nia
graphics/glew: packaging fix

Pullup ticket #6482 - requested by maya
mk: Linux bootstrap fix

Pullup ticket #6483 - requested by taca
lang/ruby26: security fix

Pullup ticket #6484 - requested by taca
lang/ruby27-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6485 - requested by taca
lang/ruby30-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6486 - requested by he
lang/rust: build fix

Pullup ticket #6487 - requested by he
lang/rust-bin: build fix

Pullup ticket #6488 - requested by nia
www/firefox78: security fix

Pullup ticket #6489 - requested by nia
www/firefox78-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6490 - requested by morr
www/wordpress: security fix

Pullup ticket #6491 - requested by nia
databases/postgresql10: build fix
databases/postgresql11: build fix
databases/postgresql12: build fix
databases/postgresql13: build fix

