$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2020Q2,v 1.1.2.10 2020/08/14 19:33:48 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2020Q2 branch:

Pullup ticket #6255 - requested by gdt
x11/qt5-qscintilla, x11/py-qt5-qscintilla: build fix

Pullup ticket #6258 - requested by sevan
bootstrap: FreeBSD documentation update

Pullup ticket #6260 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser: security fix

Pullup ticket #6261 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser-noscript: security fix

Pullup ticket #6262 - requested by he
lang/llvm: powerpc build fix

Pullup ticket #6263 - requested by maya
mk: NetBSD 7 build fix

Pullup ticket #6265 - requested by nia
shells/fish: build fix

Pullup ticket #6266 - requested by nia
www/firefox68: security fix

Pullup ticket #6267 - requested by nia
www/firefox68-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6270 - requested by leot
graphics/cairo: fix crashes

Pullup ticket #6271 - requested by leot
www/webkit-gtk: security fix

Pullup ticket #6278 - requested by bsiegert
lang/go113: security update

Pullup ticket #6279 - requested by bsiegert
lang/go114: security update

Pullup ticket #6274 - requested by taca
mail/roundcube: security fix

Pullup ticket #6275 - requested by taca
databases/ldb: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6276 - requested by taca
net/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6284 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser-noscript: security fix

Pullup ticket #6285 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser: security fix

Pullup ticket #6286 - requested by leot
www/webkit-gtk: security fix (WSA-2020-0007)

Pullup ticket #6287 - requested by nia
www/firefox68: security fix

Pullup ticket #6288 - requested by nia
www/firefox68-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6282 - requested by oster
mail/opendmarc: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6283 - requested by leot
net/youtube-dl: update

Pullup ticket #6290 - requested by maya
x11/libX11: security fix

Pullup ticket #6291 - requested by maya
x11/modular-xorg-server: security fix

Pullup ticket #6272 - requested by wiz
net/transmission-gtk: security update
net/transmission-qt: security update
net/transmission: security update

Pullup ticket #6292 - requested by wiz
multimedia/mediainfo: security fix

Pullup ticket #6293 - requested by wiz
databases/redis: security fix

Pullup ticket #6294 - requested by wiz
textproc/hunspell: security fix

Pullup ticket #6295 - requested by maya
x11/libX11: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6296 - requested by maya
lang/nodejs: aarch64 bugfix, PR port-arm/55533

Pullup ticket #6297 - requested by taca
security/clamav: security fix

Pullup ticket #6298 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security fix

