$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2022Q4,v 1.1.2.12 2023/03/08 21:03:16 spz Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the 2022Q4 branch:

Pullup ticket #6709 - requested by he
lang/clang: NetBSD build fix

Pullup ticket #6711 - requested by gdt
misc/raspberrypi-userland: build fix

Pullup ticket #6712 - requested by gutteridge
net/tcpreplay: security fix

Pullup ticket #6713 - requested by gutteridge
devel/ccache: i386 build fix

Pullup ticket #6714 - requested by gdt
sysutils/xentools415: NetBSD 10 build fix

Pullup ticket #6715 - requested by gdt
lang/elixir: build fix

Pullup ticket #6716 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-manpages: build fix
+ dependent updates

Pullup ticket #6717 - requested by taca
lang/php81: security fix

Pullup ticket #6718 - requested by taca
lang/php82: security fix

Pullup ticket #6719 - requested by taca
lang/php80: security fix

Pullup ticket #6720 - requested by gutteridge
lang/python27: security fix

Pullup ticket #6722 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails-html-sanitizer: security fix

Pullup ticket #6721 - requested by wiz
emulators/mame: bugfixes

Pullup ticket #6723 - requested by tsutsui
x11/qt6-qtbase: i386 build fix
lang/gcc9: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6710 - requested by bsiegert
security/libksba: security update

Pullup ticket #6724 - requested by bsiegert
lang/ruby31-base: build fix

Pullup ticket #6725 - requested by nia
www/firefox102: security fix
www/firefox102-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6726 - requested by taca
net/bind916: security fix

Pullup ticket #6727 - requested by otis
devel/git: security fix

Pullup ticket #6728 - requested by taca
net/samba4: security update

Pullup ticket #6735 - requested by taca
security/sudo: security update

Pullup ticket #6736 - requested by taca
net/bind918: security update

Pullup ticket #6729 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-globalid: security update

Pullup ticket #6732 - requested by taca
databases/ruby-activerecord60: security update
devel/ruby-activejob60: distinfo update
devel/ruby-activemodel60: distinfo update
devel/ruby-activestorage60: distinfo update
devel/ruby-activesupport60: distinfo update
devel/ruby-railties60: distinfo update
mail/ruby-actionmailbox60: distinfo update
mail/ruby-actionmailer60: distinfo update
textproc/ruby-actiontext60: distinfo update
www/ruby-actioncable60: distinfo update
www/ruby-actionpack60: distinfo update
www/ruby-actionpack60: distinfo update
www/ruby-actionview60: distinfo update

Pullup ticket #6733 - requested by taca
databases/ruby-activerecord61: security update
devel/ruby-activejob61: distinfo update
devel/ruby-activemodel61: distinfo update
devel/ruby-activestorage61: distinfo update
devel/ruby-activesupport61: security update
devel/ruby-railties61: distinfo update
mail/ruby-actionmailbox61: distinfo update
mail/ruby-actionmailer61: distinfo update
textproc/ruby-actiontext61: sdistinfo update
www/ruby-actioncable61: distinfo update
www/ruby-actionpack61: security update
www/ruby-actionview61: distinfo update
www/ruby-rails61: distinfo update

Pullup ticket #6734 - requested by taca
databases/ruby-activerecord70: security update
devel/ruby-activejob70: distinfo update
devel/ruby-activemodel70: distinfo update
devel/ruby-activestorage70: distinfo update
devel/ruby-activesupport70: security update
devel/ruby-railties70: distinfo update
mail/ruby-actionmailbox70: distinfo update
mail/ruby-actionmailer70: distinfo update
textproc/ruby-actiontext70: distinfo update
www/ruby-actioncable70: distinfo update
www/ruby-actionpack70: security update
www/ruby-actionview70: distinfo update
www/ruby-rails70: distinfo update

Pullup ticket #6737 - requested by taca
textproc/libxml2: security update

Pullup ticket #6738 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rack: security update

Pullup ticket #6739 - requested by taca
www/apache24: security update

Pullup ticket #6737 addendum - requested by gutteridge
textproc/py-libxml2: fix build after pullup #6737

