$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2020Q3,v 1.1.2.8 2020/10/29 12:21:05 spz Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2020Q3 branch:

Pullup ticket #6328 - requested by martin
security/openssl: sparc64 build fix

Pullup ticket #6329 - requested by gdt
lang/rust: NetBSD build fix

Pullup ticket #6331 - requested by hauke
editors/xemacs: Linux build fix

Pullup ticket #6330 - requested by martin
www/firefox52: sparc64 build fix

Pullup ticket #6332 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel411: security fix
sysutils/xenkernel413: security fix

Pullup ticket #6346 - requested by maya
graphics/freetype2: security update

Pullup ticket #6347 - requested by maya
pkgtools/x11-links: dependency-driven update                                   

Pullup ticket #6333 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security update

Pullup ticket #6334 - requested by taca
lang/php74: security update

Pullup ticket #6335 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security update

Pullup ticket #6336 - requested by taca
lang/ruby27-base: security update

Pullup ticket #6337 - requested by taca
lang/ruby26-base: security patch

Pullup ticket #6338 - requested by taca
lang/ruby25-base: security patch

Pullup ticket #6339 - requested by taca
www/contao35: security patch

Pullup ticket #6345 - requested by khorben
security/py-libtaxii: security fix

Pullup ticket #6355 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel411: security fix
sysutils/xenkernel413: security fix

Pullup ticket #6340 - requested by wiz
devel/apache-ant: security fix

Pullup ticket #6348 - requested by nia
www/firefox78: security fix

Pullup ticket #6349 - requested by nia
www/firefox78-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6344 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails60: security fix

Pullup ticket #6341 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser: security fix

Pullup ticket #6350 - requested by nia
wm/xfce4-wm: NetBSD 8 build fix

Pullup ticket #6351 - requested by nia
x11/vte3: NetBSD 8 build fix

Pullup ticket #6352 - requested by nia
graphics/openexr: NetBSD 8 build fix

Pullup ticket #6353 - requested by nia
chat/profanity: NetBSD 8 build fix

Pullup ticket #6354 - requested by maya
print/ghostscript-agpl: dependecy update triggered build fix

Pullup ticket #6329 (part 2) - requested by maya
lang/rust: NetBSD 9 build fix (accidentally broken)

Pullup ticket #6343 - requested by he
lang/libunwind: PowerPC build fix

Pullup ticket #6356 - requested by maya
www/firefox: security update
www/firefox-l10n: security update

