$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2017Q2,v 1.1.2.10 2017/08/15 19:07:44 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2017Q2 branch:

Pullup ticket #5499 - requested by joerg
graphics/graphviz: build fix

Pullup ticket #5501 - requested by joerg
security/hitch: build fix

Pullup ticket #5500 - requested by joerg
net/powerdns-recursor: build fix

Pullup ticket #5502 - requested by joerg
sysutils/zabbix-frontend: build fix

Pullup ticket #5504 - requested by maya
math/octave: build fix

Pullup ticket #5505 - requested by joerg
devel/libbson: build fix

Pullup ticket #5506 - requested by he
net/exabgp: NetBSD build fix

Pullup ticket #5507 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #5508 - requested by taca
lang/php71: security fix

Pullup ticket #5509 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #5511 - requested by taca
net/bind910: security fix

Pullup ticket #5512 - requested by taca
net/bind99: security fix

Pullup ticket #5513 - requested by taca
www/contao35: security fix

Pullup ticket #5514 - requested by taca
www/contao44: security fix

Pullup ticket #5510 - requested by maya
chat/irssi: security fix

Pullup ticket #5515 - requested by maya
print/evince3: security fix

Pullup ticket #5518 - requested by taca
graphics/GraphicsMagick: security update

Pullup ticket #5519 - requested by taca
graphics/GraphicsMagick: security update

Pullup ticket #5520 - requested by taca
www/apache22: security update

Pullup ticket #5521 - requested by taca
www/apache24: security update

Pullup ticket #5516 - requested by he
lang/ocaml: build fix for powerpc

Pullup ticket #5517 - requested by he
devel/py-greenlet: build fix for powerpc

Pullup ticket #5523 - requested by schmonz
security/py-tlslite: security update

Pullup ticket #5524 - requested by taca
databases/mysql55-client: security update
databases/mysql55-server: security update

Pullup ticket #5525 - requested by taca
databases/mysql56-client: security update
databases/mysql56-server: security update

Pullup ticket #5526 - requested by taca
databases/mysql57-client: security update
databases/mysql57-server: security update

Pullup ticket #5527 - requested by joerg
archivers/zstd: license handling fix

Pullup ticket #5522 - requested by dholland
editors/emacs20: functionality fix

Pullup ticket #5528 - requested by sevan
mk/pbulk/pbulk.sh: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5529 - requested by jnemeth
mail/cyrus-imapd24: build fix

Pullup ticket #5530 - requested by taca
www/contao44: build fix

Pullup ticket #5531 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #5532 - requested by taca
lang/php71: security fix

Pullup ticket #5533 - requested by maya
devel/py-mercurial: security fix

