$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2023Q2,v 1.1.2.10 2023/08/18 18:14:01 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the 2023Q2 branch:

Pullup ticket #6766 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails61: security fix

Pullup ticket #6767 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails70: security fix

Pullup ticket #6773 - requested by gdt
textproc/py-rapidfuzz: i386 build fix

Pullup ticket #6768 - requested by taca
lang/ruby30-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6769 - requested by taca
lang/ruby31-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6770 - requested by taca
lang/ruby32-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6771 - requested by taca
www/ruby-actionpack52: security fix (CVE-2023-28362)

Pullup ticket #6772 - requested by taca
www/ruby-actionpack60: security fix (CVE-2023-28362)

Pullup ticket #6774 - requested by nia
databases-mariadb105-client: security fix
databases-mariadb105-server: security fix

Pullup ticket #6775 - requested by nia
databases/mariadb106-client: security fix
databases/mariadb106-server: security fix

Pullup ticket #6777 - requested by abs
x11/qt5-qtwebkit: build fix

Pullup ticket #6778 - requested by abs
www/arcticfox: sparc64 and alpha build fix

Pullup ticket #6780 - requested by nia
www/firefox102: security fix
www/firefox102-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6776 - requested by bsiegert
print/ghostscript-agpl: security update

Pullup ticket #6783 - requested by leot
www/firefox102: Enable WebRTC X11 desktop capture

Pullup ticket #6788 - requested by nia
www/firefox102: security fix

Pullup ticket #6781 - requested by taca
textproc/ruby-sanitize: security fix (CVE-2023-36823)

Pullup ticket #6782 - requested by taca
net/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6785 - requested by taca
lang/php80: security fix (CVE-2023-3823, CVE-2024-3824)

Pullup ticket #6786 - requested by taca
lang/php81: security fix

Pullup ticket #6787 - requested by taca
lang/php82: security fix

Pullup ticket #6784 - requested by ryoon
www/php-nextcloud: update to latest,
required for migrating to version 27 in the next branch

Pullup ticket #6789 - requested by gdt
chat/ejabberd: functionality fix

Pullup ticket #6790 - requested by gdt
net/mosquitto: security fix

Pullup ticket #6791 - requested by manu
security/opensc: fix regression

Pullup ticket #6793 - requested by nia
graphics/tiff: build fix

