$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2020Q4,v 1.1.2.7 2021/01/28 08:03:03 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2020Q4 branch:

Pullup ticket #6388 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser: security fix

Pullup ticket #6389 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser-noscript: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6390 - requested by wiz
security/p11-kit: security fix

Pullup ticket #6391 - requested by taca
mail/dovecot2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6392 - requested by taca
mail/dovecot2-pigeonhole: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6393 - requested by prlw1
multimedia/gstreamer1: build fix

Pullup ticket #6394 - requested by nia
audio/musicpd: NetBSD/earm build fix

Pullup ticket #6398 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security fix

Pullup ticket #6399 - requested by taca
lang/php74: security fix

Pullup ticket #6400 - requested by nia
multimedia/ffmpeg3: build fix

Pullup ticket #6402 - requested by nia
databases/py-ldap: NetBSD build fix

Pullup ticket #6395 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xentools413: build fix

Pullup ticket #6396 - requested by nia
www/firefox78: security fix

Pullup ticket #6397 - requested by nia
www/firefox78-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6403 - requested by taca
textproc/ruby-redcarpet: security fix

Pullup ticket #6404 - requested by gutteridge
graphics/dia: security fix

Pullup ticket #6406 - requested by nia
security/polkit: build fix

Pullup ticket #6407 - requested by nia
www/firefox: build fix
www/firefox78: build fix

Pullup ticket #6408 - requested by nia
lang/mozjs78: GNU/Linux build fix

Pullup ticket #6410 - requested by kardel
net/frr: build fix

