$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2020Q1,v 1.1.2.14 2020/06/09 12:03:20 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2020Q1 branch:

Pullup ticket #6149 - requested by ryoon
devel/glibmm: bugfix (for inkscape)

Pullup ticket #6150 - requested by nia
www/firefox68: security fix

Pullup ticket #6151 - requested by nia
www/firefox68-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6152 - requested by adam
net/haproxy: security fix (CVE-2020-11100)

Pullup ticket #6153 - requested by wiz
www/apache24: Security fix

Pullup ticket #6154 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser: security fix

Pullup ticket #6155 - requested by nia
www/firefox68: security fix

Pullup ticket #6156 - requested by nia
www/firefox68-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6157 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser: security fix

Pullup ticket #6158 - requested by leot
lang/scala: build fix

Pullup ticket #6159 - requested by leot
devel/git-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6160 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel411: security fix

Pullup ticket #6161 - requested by sborrill
mk/pkginstall: NetBSD 7 bugfix

Pullup ticket #6162 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-redmine_bootstrap_kit: build fix

Pullup ticket #6163 - requested by taca
databases/phpmyadmin: security fix

Pullup ticket #6164 - requested by taca
lang/ruby26-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6165 - requested by taca
lang/ruby27-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6167 - requested by taca
lang/ruby24-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6166 - requested by taca
lang/ruby25-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6168 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-fiddle: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6170 - requested by nia
security/mbedtls: security fix

Pullup ticket #6169 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-redmine_jenkins: build fix

Pullup ticket #6172 - requested by nia
x11/qt5-qtwebkit: build fix

Pullup ticket #6173 - requested by nia
games/supertux: build fix

Pullup ticket #6171 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security fix

Pullup ticket #6174 - requested by taca
lang/php74: security fix

Pullup ticket #6175 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security fix

Pullup ticket #6177 - requested by nia
multimedia/ffmpeg2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6179 - requested by taca
www/squid4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6181 - requested by leot
devel/git-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6182 - requested by taca
mail/roundcube-plugin-password: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6183 - requested by taca
www/drupal8: security fix

Pullup ticket #6185 - requested by taca
mail/roundcube: security fix

Pullup ticket #6186 - requested by adam
databases/openldap: security fix
databases/lmdb: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6187 - requested by tnn
devel/libffi: NetBSD/evbarm build fix

Pullup ticket #6190 - requested by nia
www/firefox68: security fix

Pullup ticket #6191 - requested by nia
www/firefox68-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6192 - requested by leot
net/youtube-dl: update for extractor changes

Pullup ticket #6193 - requested by nia
graphics/openjpeg: security fix

Pullup ticket #6195 - requested by taca
security/clamav: security fix

Pullup ticket #6196 - requested by nia
security/cyrus-sasl: security fix

Pullup ticket #6198 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security fix

Pullup ticket #6197 - requested by nia
devel/SDL: security fix

Pullup ticket #6199 - requested by taca
lang/php74: security fix

Pullup ticket #6200 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security fix

Pullup ticket #6201 - requested by nia
mail/mailman: security fix

Pullup ticket #6203 - requested by taca
mail/dovecot2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6204 - requested by he
net/unbound: security fix

Pullup ticket #6205 - requested by nia
graphics/libexif: security fix

Pullup ticket #6206 - requested by nia
games/teeworlds: security fix

Pullup ticket #6208 - requested by taca
net/bind911: security fix

Pullup ticket #6209 - requested by taca
net/bind914: security fix

Pullup ticket #6202 - requested by maya
chat/irssi: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6210 - requested by adam
www/py-httplib2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6210 - requested by adam
www/py-httplib2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6211 - requested by nia
audio/adplug: security fix

Pullup ticket #6212 - requested by nia
audio/adplay: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6213 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails52: security fix

Pullup ticket #6214 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails60: security fix

Pullup ticket #6215 - requested by taca
www/drupal7: security fix

Pullup ticket #6216 - requested by taca
www/drupal8: security fix

Pullup ticket #6220 - requested by nia
www/firefox68: security fix

Pullup ticket #6221 - requested by nia
www/firefox68-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6223 - requested by taca
www/ruby-puma: security fix

Pullup ticket #6224 - requested by taca
www/ruby-em-http-request: security fix

Pullup ticket #6227 - requested by otis
net/powerdns: bugfixes

Pullup ticket #6231 - requested by taca
mail/roundcube: security fix

Pullup ticket #6218 - requested by bouyer
mail/sympa: security fix

Pullup ticket #6232 - requested by maya
security/gnutls: security fix

Pullup ticket #6233 - requested by wiz
sysutils/dbus: security fix

Pullup ticket #6234 - requested by wiz
devel/libntlm: security fix

