$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2021Q1,v 1.1.2.13 2021/06/06 09:44:23 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2021Q1 branch:

Pullup ticket #6435 - requested by leot
www/curl: security update

Pullup ticket #6436 - requested by he
lang/rust: build fixes

Pullup ticket #6437 - requested by leot
net/youtube-dl: bugfixes

Pullup ticket #6438 - requested by nia
emulators/qemu: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6439 - requested by nia
emulators/qemu51: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6440 - requested by taca
textproc/ruby-rexml: build fix

Pullup ticket #6441 - requested by taca
security/ruby-rex-exploitation: build fix

Pullup ticket #6442 - requested by taca
lang/ruby25-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6443 - requested by taca
lang/ruby26-base: security fix, bugfix

Pullup ticket #6444 - requested by taca
lang/ruby27-base: security fix, bugfix

Pullup ticket #6445 - requested by taca
lang/ruby30-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6443 (second part) - requested by taca
lang/ruby: build fix

Pullup ticket #6446 - requested by gutteridge
lang/rust: NetBSD/i386 build fix

Pullup ticket #6449 - requested by tsutsui
devel/glib2: fix for PR pkg/56114

Pullup ticket #6450 - requested by nia
chat/irssi: security fix

Pullup ticket #6447 - requested by nia
www/firefox78: security fix

Pullup ticket #6448 - requested by nia
www/firefox78-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6451 - requested by maya
net/GeoIP: NetBSD build fix

Pullup ticket #6452 - requested by nia
chat/irssi-xmpp: build fix

Pullup ticket #6453 - requested by taca
net/bind911: security fix

Pullup ticket #6454 - requested by taca
net/bind916: security fix

Pullup ticket #6455 - requested by abs
mail/exim: security fix

Pullup ticket #6456 - requested by nia
multimedia/mpv: performance fix

Pullup ticket #6457 - requested by gdt
net/speedtest-cli: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6458 - requested by nia
textproc/libxml2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6459 - requested by nia
textproc/libxslt: build fix

Pullup ticket #6460 - requested by nia
graphics/cairo: security fix

Pullup ticket #6461 - requested by nia
print/mupdf: security fix

Pullup ticket #6462 - requested by gutteridge
sysutils/xfce4-thunar: security fix

Pullup ticket #6463 - requested by nia
emulators/haxm: build fix

Pullup ticket #6464 - requested by taca
net/isc-dhcp4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6465 - requested by taca
www/squid4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6466 - requested by taca
databases/mysql57-client: security fix

Pullup ticket #6467 - requested by nia
www/firefox78: security fix

Pullup ticket #6468 - requested by nia
www/firefox78-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6468 - requested by nia
www/firefox78-l10n: dependent update

