$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2022Q2,v 1.1.2.5 2022/08/27 19:45:03 spz Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2022Q2 branch:

Pullup ticket #6647 - requested by khorben
lang/python39: build fix
lang/python310: build fix

Pullup ticket #6648 - requested by nia
x11/libXft: NetBSD 8 build fix

Pullup ticket #6650 - requested by khorben
lang/nodejs14: security update

Pullup ticket #6651 - requested by khorben
lang/nodejs16: security update

Pullup ticket #6652 - requested by khorben
lang/nodejs: security update

Pullup ticket #6653 - requested by taca
databases/ruby-activerecord52: security update
devel/ruby-activejob52: security update
devel/ruby-activemodel52: security update
devel/ruby-activestorage52: security update
devel/ruby-activesupport52: security update
devel/ruby-railties52: security update
mail/ruby-actionmailer52: security update
www/ruby-actioncable52: security update
www/ruby-actionpack52: security update
www/ruby-actionview52: security update
www/ruby-rails52: security update

Pullup ticket #6654 - requested by taca
databases/ruby-activerecord60: security update
devel/ruby-activejob60: security update
devel/ruby-activemodel60: security update
devel/ruby-activestorage60: security update
devel/ruby-activesupport60: security update
devel/ruby-railties60: security update
mail/ruby-actionmailbox60: security update
mail/ruby-actionmailer60: security update
textproc/ruby-actiontext60: security update
www/ruby-actioncable60: security update
www/ruby-actionpack60: security update
www/ruby-actionview60: security update
www/ruby-rails60: security update

Pullup ticket #6655 - requested by taca
databases/ruby-activerecord61: security update
devel/ruby-activejob61: security update
devel/ruby-activemodel61: security update
devel/ruby-activestorage61: security update
devel/ruby-activesupport61: security update
devel/ruby-railties61: security update
mail/ruby-actionmailbox61: security update
mail/ruby-actionmailer61: security update
textproc/ruby-actiontext61: security update
www/ruby-actioncable61: security update
www/ruby-actionpack61: security update
www/ruby-actionview61: security update
www/ruby-rails61: security update

Pullup ticket #6656 - requested by taca
databases/ruby-activerecord70: security update
devel/ruby-activejob70: security update
devel/ruby-activemodel70: security update
devel/ruby-activestorage70: security update
devel/ruby-activesupport70: security update
devel/ruby-railties70: security update
mail/ruby-actionmailbox70: security update
mail/ruby-actionmailer70: security update
textproc/ruby-actiontext70: security update
www/ruby-actioncable70: security update
www/ruby-actionpack70: security update
www/ruby-actionview70: security update
www/ruby-rails70: security update

Pullup ticket #6649 - requested by khorben
chat/prosody: integration fix

Pullup ticket #6657 - requested by taca
devel/git: security update
devel/git-base: security update
devel/git-docs: security update
www/gitweb: security update

Pullup ticket #6658 - requested by nia
www/firefox91: security update
www/firefox91-l10n: dependency update

Pullup ticket #6659 - requested by khorben
chat/libpurple: security update
chat/finch: security update
chat/pidgin: security update
chat/pidgin-sametime: security update
chat/pidgin-silc: security update

Pullup ticket #6660 - requested by khorben
editors/vim-gtk2: security update
editors/vim-gtk3: security update
editors/vim-motif: security update
editors/vim-share: security update
editors/vim-xaw: security update

Pullup ticket #6661 - requested by taca
time/ruby-tzinfo1: security update

Pullup ticket #6662 - requested by taca
www/drupal7: security update

Pullup ticket #6663 - requested by taca
www/drupal9: security update

Pullup ticket #6665 - requested by khorben
net/rsync: security update

Pullup ticket #6666 - requested by khorben
net/unbound: security update

Pullup ticket #6667 - requested by khorben
security/openssl: security update

