$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2017Q4,v 1.1.2.24 2018/03/17 23:35:59 spz Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2017Q4 branch:

Pullup ticket #5664 - requested by he
devel/gnustep-objc: build fix

Pullup ticket #5665 - requested by tsutsui
inputmethod/mozc-server: build fix

Pullup ticket #5666 - requested by tsutsui
net/sayaka: build fix

Pullup ticket #5667 - requested by bacon
devel/netcdf: build fix

Pullup ticket #5668 - requested by bsiegert
math/nickle: build fix

Pullup ticket #5669 - requested by bsiegert
net/go-net: build fix

Pullup ticket #5671 - requested by snj
net/rsync: security patch

Pullup ticket #5672 - requested by dholland
lang/micropython: build fix

Pullup ticket #5673 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #5674 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #5675 - requested by taca
lang/php71: security fix

Pullup ticket #5676 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security fix

Pullup ticket #5677 - requested by taca
converters/php-iconv: reset PKGREVISION
databases/php-pdo_sqlite: reset PKGREVISION
textproc/php-intl: reset PKGREVISION
textproc/php-json: reset PKGREVISION

chat/irssi: security update
chat/irssi-icb: dependent update
chat/irssi-xmpp: dependent update

Pullup ticket #5679 - requested by wiz
devel/global: security update

Pullup ticket #5680 - requested by maya
security/sudo: function fix

Pullup ticket #5681 - requested by he
fonts/fontconfig: build fix

Pullup ticket #5682 - requested by maya
cross/cross-libtool-base: build fix

Pullup ticket #5683 - requested by wiz
net/transmission: security update
net/transmission-qt: security update
net/transmission-gtk: security update

Pullup ticket #5684 - requested by taca
net/bind910: security update

Pullup ticket #5685 - requested by taca
net/bind99: security update

Pullup ticket #5686 - requested by taca
www/contao35: security update

Pullup ticket #5687 - requested by morr
www/wordpress: security update

Pullup ticket #5688 - requested by he
x11/deforaos-libdesktop: build fix

Pullup ticket #5689 - requested by wiz
www/curl: security fix

Pullup ticket #5690 - requested by maya
net/packit: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5692 - requested by he
www/firefox52: security fix
www/firefox52-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #5693 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel48: security fix
sysutils/xentools48: security fix

Pullup ticket #5694 - requested by he
lang/rust: dependent update (for www/firefox)

Pullup ticket #5699 - requested by taca
net/unbound: security update

Pullup ticket #5700 - requested by taca
www/squid3: security update

Pullup ticket #5698 - requested by maya
sysutils/memtestplus: build fix

Pullup ticket #5703 - requested by bsiegert
lang/go: security update

Pullup ticket #5701 - requested by maya
textproc/rapidjson: build fix

Pullup ticket #5704 - requested by maya
chat/irssi: security update
chat/irssi-icb: security update
chat/irssi-xmpp: security update

Pullup ticket #5705 - requested by maya
print/py-reportlab: build fix

Pullup ticket #5702 - requested by khorben and leot
multimedia/mpv: security update

Pullup ticket #5706 - requested by taca
lang/ruby23-base: security patch

Pullup ticket #5707 - requested by taca
lang/ruby24-base: security patch

Pullup ticket #5708 - requested by taca
lang/ruby22-base: security patch

Pullup ticket #5709 - requested by taca
databases/unixodbc: security update

Pullup ticket #5710 - requested by taca
www/drupal8: security update

Pullup ticket #5711 - requested by taca
www/drupal7: security update

Pullup ticket #5712 - requested by taca
net/isc-dhcp4: security update

Pullup ticket #5713 - requested by taca
mail/dovecot2-ldap: security update
mail/dovecot2-sqlite: security update
mail/dovecot2: security update

Pullup ticket #5714 - requested by taca
mail/dovecot2-pigeonhole: compatibility update

Pullup ticket #5715 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security update

Pullup ticket #5716 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security update

Pullup ticket #5717 - requested by taca
lang/php71: security update

Pullup ticket #5718 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security update

Pullup ticket #5719 - requested by maya
mail/exim-html: security update

Pullup ticket #5695 - requested by he and maya
www/firefox: security update
www/firefox-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #5720 - requested by wiz
textproc/xerces-c: security fix

Pullup ticket #5721 - requested by maya
www/curl: security update

Pullup ticket #5722 - requested by maya
audio/libvorbis: security update

Pullup ticket #5723 - requested by agc
net/rsync: security update

Pullup ticket #5724 - requested by maya
audio/tremor: security update

Pullup ticket #5725 - requested by maya
www/firefox52: security update
