$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2022Q3,v 1.1.2.8 2022/11/30 17:38:03 bsiegert Exp $

  Changes to packages and infrastructure on the 2022Q3 branch:

Pullup ticket #6673 - requested by thor
blas: build fix for BLAS_TYPE=openblas_pthread

Pullup ticket #6674 - requested by taca
lang/nodejs14: security fix

Pullup ticket #6675 - requested by taca
lang/php74: security fix

Pullup ticket #6676 - requested by taca
lang/php81: security fix

Pullup ticket #6677 - requested by taca
lang/php80: security fix

Pullup ticket #6678 - requested by taca
lang/nodejs: security fix

Pullup ticket #6679 - requested by taca
lang/go118: security fix

Pullup ticket #6681 - requested by taca
net/isc-dhcp4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6680 - requested by taca
lang/go119: security fix

Pullup ticket #6682 - requested by taca
www/drupal9: security fix

Pullup ticket #6682 - requested by taca
www/drupal9: security fix

Pullup ticket #6683 - requested by wiz
graphics/cairo-gobject: macOS build fix

Pullup ticket #6684 - requested by nia
graphics/babl: evbarm build fix

Pullup ticket #6685 - requested by nia
lang/openjdk8: build fix

Pullup ticket #6686 - requested by nia
lang/ocaml: evbarm build fix

Pullup ticket #6688 - requested by taca
databases/sqlite3: security fix (for ruby-sqlite3)

Pullup ticket #6689 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-redmine42: security fix

Pullup ticket #6687 - requested by nia
www/webkit-gtk: aarch64 build fix

Pullup ticket #6690 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-redmine50: security fix

Pullup ticket #6693 - requested by nia
www/firefox102: security fix

Pullup ticket #6691 - requested by taca
www/ruby-jekyll: critical bugfix

Pullup ticket #6692 - requested by taca
devel/git: security fix

Pullup ticket #6694 - requested by taca
devel/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6695 - requested by nia
www/arcticfox: arm build fix

Pullup ticket #6697 - requested by taca
www/curl: security fix

Pullup ticket #6699 - requested by taca
lang/php81: security fix

Pullup ticket #6700 - requested by taca
lang/php80: security fix

Pullup ticket #6701 - requested by taca
lang/php74: security fix

Pullup ticket #6702 - requested by taca
security/sudo: security fix

Pullup ticket #6703 - requested by wiz
mail/evolution: build fix

Pullup ticket #6704 - requested by khorben
www/gitea: security fix, build fix

Pullup ticket #6696 - requested by bsiegert
textproc/expat: security update

Pullup ticket #6705 - requested by bsiegert
databases/redis: security update

Pullup ticket #6706 - requested by taca
lang/ruby31-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6707 - requested by taca
lang/ruby30-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6708 - requested by taca
lang/ruby27-base: security fix

