@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.2 2023/04/27 13:47:47 yhardy Exp $
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Map.scen
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Marathon.appl
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/00.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/01.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/02.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/03.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/04.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/05.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/06.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/07.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/08.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/09.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/10.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/11.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/12.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/13.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/14.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Music/15.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Physics.phys
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Default HUD/COPYING
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Default HUD/Default_HUD_M1.lua
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Default HUD/FOV.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Default HUD/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/alien.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/alienwep.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/arramo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/arramoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/chip.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/enemy.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/fill.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/fillshell.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/friendly.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/grenadeamo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/grenadeamoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_bar_lvl1.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_bar_lvl2.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_bar_lvl3.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_noradar_off.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_noradar_on.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_radar_off.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_radar_on.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/objective-indicator-full.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/oxygen_bar.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolamo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolamoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolx2.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolx2_idle.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/radar_screen.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_alien.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_flame.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_machinegun.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_pistol.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_plasma.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_rocket.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel-icon.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_blue.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_green.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_orange.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_red.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_slate.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_violet.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_white.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_yellow.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/skull.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/spnkramo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/spnkramoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_ar.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_fusion.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_pistol.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_rocket.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_smg.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_tozt.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/weapons.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/COPYING
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/FOV.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/Plugin.lua
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/Readme.txt
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/Squarish Sans CT Regular SC.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/Squarish Sans CT Regular.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/SquarishSansCT.README
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Stats/COPYING
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Stats/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Stats/stats.lua
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/Readme.txt
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/Marapfhont.README
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/Marapfhont.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/URWGothicL-Demi.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/URWGothicL-DemiObli.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/URWGothicL.README
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_b.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_bl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_br.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_t.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_tl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_tr.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_b.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_bl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_br.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_t.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_tl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_tr.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/slider.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/slider_c.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/slider_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/slider_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/theme2.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/thumb_b.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/thumb_bc.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/thumb_c.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/thumb_t.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/thumb_tc.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/tiny_button_c.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/tiny_button_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/tiny_button_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Readme.md
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Scripts/Default Preferences.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Scripts/Marathon.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Shapes.shps
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Sounds.sndz
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Images.imgA
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Map.sceA
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Music.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Physics Models/Standard.phyA
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/alien.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/alienwep.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/arr.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/arramo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/arramoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/background.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/chip.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/enemy.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/fill.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/fillshell.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/flechette_off.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/flechette_on.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/friendly.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/fusion.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/grenadeamo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/grenadeamoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_noradar.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_radar.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/hill.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/left.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/left_oxygen.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/left_shield1x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/left_shield2x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/left_shield3x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/mid.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/mid_oxygen.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/mid_shield1x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/mid_shield2x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/mid_shield3x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/objective-indicator-full.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistol.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolamo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolamoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolx2.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolx2_idle.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_alien.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_flame.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_machinegun.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_pistol.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_plasma.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_rocket.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_shotgun.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_smg.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/right.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/right_oxygen.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/right_shield1x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/right_shield2x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/right_shield3x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel-icon.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_blue.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_green.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_orange.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_red.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_slate.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_violet.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_white.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_yellow.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/shotgun.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/shotgunamo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/shotgunamoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/shotgunx2.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/shotgunx2_idle.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/skull.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/spnkr.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/spnkramo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/spnkramoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/target-panel-foe.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/target-panel-friend.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/tozt.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_smg.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/weapons.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/COPYING
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/FOV.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/Readme.txt
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/XBLA.lua
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/Squarish Sans CT Regular SC.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/Squarish Sans CT Regular.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/SquarishSansCT.README
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Stats/COPYING
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Stats/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Stats/stats.lua
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/Readme.txt
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/DejaVuLGCSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/DejaVuLGCSansCondensed-BoldBold.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/DejaVuLGCSansCondensed-BoldOblique.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/LICENSE-DejaVu
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/SquarishSansCT.README
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/Squarish_Sans_CT_Medium.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/button_c.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/button_c_p.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/button_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/button_l_p.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/button_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/button_r_p.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/frame_b.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/frame_bl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/frame_br.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/frame_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/frame_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/frame_t.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/frame_tl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/frame_tr.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/list_b.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/list_bl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/list_br.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/list_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/list_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/list_t.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/list_tl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/list_tr.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/slider.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/slider_c.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/slider_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/slider_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/theme2.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/thumb_b.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/thumb_bc.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/thumb_c.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/thumb_t.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/thumb_tc.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/tiny_button_c.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/tiny_button_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Marathon 2 Theme/resources/tiny_button_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Transparent Liquids/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Plugins/Transparent Liquids/Transparent_Liquids.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Readme.md
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Scripts/Default Preferences.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Scripts/Filenames.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Scripts/Marathon 2.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Shapes.shpA
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Sounds.sndA
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Images.imgA
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Map.sceA
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Music.ogg
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Physics Models/Standard.phyA
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/alien.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/alienwep.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/arr.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/arramo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/arramoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/background.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/chip.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/enemy.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/fill.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/fillshell.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/flechette_off.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/flechette_on.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/friendly.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/fusion.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/grenadeamo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/grenadeamoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_noradar.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_radar.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/hill.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/left.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/left_oxygen.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/left_shield1x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/left_shield2x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/left_shield3x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/mid.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/mid_oxygen.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/mid_shield1x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/mid_shield2x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/mid_shield3x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/objective-indicator-full.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistol.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolamo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolamoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolx2.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolx2_idle.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_alien.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_flame.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_machinegun.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_pistol.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_plasma.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_rocket.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_shotgun.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_smg.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/right.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/right_oxygen.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/right_shield1x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/right_shield2x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/right_shield3x.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel-icon.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_blue.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_green.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_orange.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_red.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_slate.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_violet.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_white.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_yellow.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/shotgun.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/shotgunamo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/shotgunamoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/shotgunx2.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/shotgunx2_idle.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/skull.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/spnkr.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/spnkramo.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/spnkramoused.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/target-panel-foe.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/target-panel-friend.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/tozt.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_smg.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/weapons.png
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/COPYING
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/FOV.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/Readme.txt
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/XBLA.lua
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/Squarish Sans CT Regular SC.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/Squarish Sans CT Regular.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/SquarishSansCT.README
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Stats/COPYING
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Stats/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Stats/stats.lua
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/Readme.txt
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/DejaVuLGCSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/DejaVuLGCSansCondensed-BoldBold.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/DejaVuLGCSansCondensed-BoldOblique.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/LICENSE-DejaVu
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/SquarishSansCT.README
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/Squarish_Sans_CT_Medium.ttf
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/button_c.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/button_c_p.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/button_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/button_l_p.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/button_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/button_r_p.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/frame_b.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/frame_bl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/frame_br.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/frame_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/frame_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/frame_t.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/frame_tl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/frame_tr.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/list_b.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/list_bl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/list_br.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/list_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/list_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/list_t.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/list_tl.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/list_tr.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/slider.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/slider_c.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/slider_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/slider_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/theme2.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/thumb_b.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/thumb_bc.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/thumb_c.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/thumb_t.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/thumb_tc.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/tiny_button_c.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/tiny_button_l.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Marathon Infinity Theme/resources/tiny_button_r.bmp
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Transparent Liquids/Plugin.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Plugins/Transparent Liquids/Transparent_Liquids.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Readme.md
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Scripts/Default Preferences.xml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Scripts/Filenames.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Scripts/Marathon Infinity.mml
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Shapes.shpA
share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Sounds.sndA
@pkgdir share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Tracks
@pkgdir share/AlephOne/Scenarios/Infinity/Themes
@pkgdir share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Tracks
@pkgdir share/AlephOne/Scenarios/2/Themes
@pkgdir share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Tracks
@pkgdir share/AlephOne/Scenarios/1/Themes
